URGENT
-------------------------------------------------------------------

scheduled has wrong health insurance data
modify expense summary calculations to include all incomes except salary
	- implement code in an if statement so that I can turn this off if need be
	- potentially may like to make the on/off boolean a MYOD setting


SOON
---------------------------------------------------------------------

add encryption to MYOD code and data before uploading to git 
	- make MATLAB wrappers for this to simplify the process
	- have a MATLAB wrapper for downloading/decrypting 
implement scheduled payments
	do a view/edit/delete scheduled payments gui
	add internet payments
finish implementation of trans_hist
	implement filters
Look into add_data's reverse_sort.
	Is there any point to it?
	Does trans_hist violate the order assumption once a item is deleted
	Does reschedule violate the order assumption
Implement save_data and change all instances of existing codes use of save
Add optional end dates to scheduled payments
Known bug - didn't delete a entry (that was double scheduled) the amount was 493.43. Invert_info
	    correctly getting right amount, the data in matrix is off by an infinitesimal amount
spending gui maybe should exclude future info?	
cur2str (used in spending and others) doesn't show leading 0 for cents	

LATER
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve sorting in trans_hist (e.g. if sort by category, should  be sorted by date within 
         each category)
Improve get_ functions significantly to make MYOD's base more flexible and reliable
 - consider making categories data that is loaded instead of hardcoded.
 - implemented as a numeric lookup table
 - make functions for adding categories (coded numbers should be automatically assigned)
 - can make function for removing a category (number is no longer used, string kept in history, but not returned in struct)
 - can make function for replacing category (new string is assigned to existing code) 
 - make wrapper GUIs for these extended functions. Allowing a user to control categories.
For the category GUI, must be a facility of highlighting some special meaning to different 
	categories. These categories in the list should appear a different colour. For 
	example, if certain categories should be accompanied by a note (such as loans)
Do a "where's my money going" gui
Make a scheduled payments gui - to view and delete scheduled payments
R2012a MATLAB help warns behaviour of ismember will change look into effect for me
make save_data general for all computers including the optional use of automating git.
add button to trans_hist to export listing in readable format to an excel spreadsheet.
make sure MYOD won't crash if computer doesn't have git installed
Can add keyboard shortcuts by "Accelerator" object property

ONE DAY
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Implement reminders in MYOD, e.g., every month a pop-up until you 
	acknowledge it to check the balance of your phone bill
Reorder 'list's' so that 'others' always appears last in add_data
Add little pop up calendars for date selections
consider pretty pictures for the guis
lay out gui elements with spacing according to my rules
Smart Salary should be a fund. When using it, expenses are recorded in
	another matrix (no income needed).
Clock labour
make GUIs resizable
try to make rows in trans_hist light up when scrolled over
reorder 'lists' such that 'Others' always are displayed last
	but ensure index won't be affected
have prev and next pages for trans_hist?
when MYOD closes; all sub-guis should close
look into possibility of converting my MYOD program into an executable - RT package
look into option of bypassing GUIDE and programming GUI from scratch in MATLAB
code load_id so that even if user were to delete internals.mat, it will still work
MYOD should be able to work even if all of MYOD_data folder deleted
add settings button to MYOD - affects internals.mat variables
		            - option to upload data to a git account
			    - provide details like git address
		            - location to put MYOD data	
when trans_hist has no cashflow data the table should have a row saying no cashflow data 
	to display
automatically git pull MYOD_data upon opening to support MYOD working on same data across
	different machines. May also be wise to pull before saving to avoid conflicts. 
	Can make this a MYOD setting "Will two users likely share MYOD data around the same
	time?" if no, may save a bit of processing time. Can also have a option for sharing
	data at all (need for initial pull).


